[SIRGIS] I apologize for my
sudden and unexpected arrival,
Marchioness Zenovia.
I hope you'll forgive me.
Of course, Sir Sirgis.
But tell me, what is it
that brings you here?
I'm following up on
the letter I sent you.
Based on the evidence I've seen,
I have reason to believe
that Marden has been
fraudulently exporting
imperial goods to Delunio.
Terribly sorry, but I
must admit I don't have
any idea what you
could be referring to.
[SIRGIS] And is that all you
intend to say on the matter?
Then you leave me
no choice, it seems
I'm going to have to take up
my concerns with Natra.
I understand the crown prince
of Natra is currently
visiting your land,
is that correct?
[ZENOVIA]
So that's it.
He showed up during Prince
Wein's visit on purpose.
So that if he didn't get
what he wanted from me,
he could go over my head.
Basically, he has no
respect for my position.
I really want to kill him.
[WEIN]
You wish to speak with me?
Huh?
[WEIN]
I am only too happy to oblige.
Wein Salema Arbalest.
The crown prince of
the kingdom of Natra.
Well then, let's
get down to business.
You've got some kind of
complaint about our exports,
is that right?
[SIRGIS]
Indeed, I do.
There's been a rash of
imperial-made goods
flowing into the west recently.
And you're the ones
sending them.
The empire is a mortal enemy
to the Levetian religion,
and as such, their goods
are considered anathema.
I realize that your kingdom has
longstanding ties with the east,
however, I also know you
yourself are descended
from the bloodline of Caleus.
All I ask is that you
show some respect
for the traditions
of your heritage.
I see. Everything you
say is reasonable.
It's just, our export goods
aren't made in the empire,
all of them are made in Natra.
You think you can deny the truth
of the matter so easily?
Nonsense. Just take
those outlandish
yellow garments the
young people so favor.
Although they were passed
off to us as Natran,
we have determined
conclusively that these garments
were constructed in the empire.
So then, what do you
have to say now?
With all due respect,
that doesn't make any sense.
The Levetians consider the east
to be a land of barbarians,
do they not?
Do you really mean to suggest
that such barbarians are capable
of producing goods that
would find favor among
the refined people of Delunio?
Surely you don't believe that.
Well, I, uh... Let's move
on from that for now.
Right. There's also the matter
of imperial goods being peddled
to pilgrims as they
pass through Marden.
As a descendant of Caleus,
you must realize this is wrong.
It is customary to allow
Levetian pilgrims to pass
without interference
or harassment.
To break with this tradition
is no less than a slap
in the face to the entirety
of the Levetian faith!
Well, you're certainly
entitled to your opinion
on the situation, and I
thank you for sharing it.
However, as strong
as your faith may be,
you yourself are
not a Holy Elite.
And for that reason, I'm afraid
you lack the proper authority
to speak on behalf
of the Levetians.
[growls]
[WEIN]
Was there anything else
you wanted to
discuss, Sir Sirgis?
I'm going to leave it there
for today and return home
to give these matters
further consideration.
[SIRGIS] But before I go,
let me say this much.
The time will come when I give
you cause to rue this day.
Then I suppose I'll
just have to pray
that time never comes to pass.
[ZENOVIA]
I apologize for last night.
As our guest, you shouldn't
have gotten dragged into that.
It's quite all right.
I was able to learn a lot about
the prime minister of Delunio.
Sadly, I fear we haven't
seen the last of Sir Sirgis.
He's sure to keep up the
pressure however he can.
Do stay on your guard,
won't you?
Yes. Most definitely.
[WEIN]
There it is, Phithcha,
royal capital of the
Kingdom of Soljest.
Seems they're doing quite well!
Like Natra, Soljest is
situated in the north.
But even so, their port
is never icebound.
[WEIN] Right. Meaning they can
conduct trade year-round.
Not to mention they do
business with a number
--of foreign markets.
--So...
If Marden can get in on
this maritime trade,
it'll open up even
more trade routes
that they'll be able
to profit off of.
[GRUYERE]
Good of you to grace us
with your presence,
young prince.
[WEIN] It was most kind of you
to extend the invitation,
Your Majesty. I thank you.
[GRUYERE] Please, you and I
joined forces to liberate
the city of Mealtars,
did we not?
It has long been my desire
for the two of us to sit down
and exchange words man to man.
Shall we, then?
To the great hall.
[gasps]
[GRUYERE] It is a tradition
of mine to hold talks
with heads of state
over a delicious meal.
[WEIN, NINYM gasping]
With a physique like this,
walking around is quite a chore.
This palanquin is my
preferred means of transport.
[laughs]
Being of noble blood enables one
to do things others cannot.
Using one one's own
legs to move about
is an activity better
suited to a peasant.
For a man who lives a life
of wealth and prestige,
this is the only way
to travel, believe you me.
Interesting perspective,
Your Majesty.
Yes, well. It's also true
that one noble's calling
may not be the
same as another's.
If you find that my chosen
lifestyle doesn't appeal to you,
perhaps that's because
your calling lies elsewhere.
My calling, Your Majesty? Can't
imagine what that could be.
[GRUYERE] In our youth, we are
pulled in many different
directions and we fail
as often as we succeed.
Then, as the years go on by,
we make a discovery.
We become aware of
the beast within us
and the desires that drive it.
[WEIN]
If I had to guess, I'd say
he's after a loose alliance
between our nations.
Most likely, he wants to
prevent Natra from expanding
further westward and he
may also be interested
in working with Delunio,
whose prime minister
currently has it out for me.
When I arrived here
today, my goal
was to extract some
foreign trade from Soljest.
But now I'm thinking,
if I play my cards right,
perhaps there's a
scenario where Natra
and Soljest can join
forces against Delunio.
Natra is now able to mobilize
a considerable army.
And if we had Gruyere at the
fore, we'd be able to rebuff
any interference
from the Levetians.
Then we could conquer
Delunio and divvy up its land,
while also working
together on trade.
Man, oh, man! I might
really be a genius after all!
All right! Let's go!
Teamin' up with Gruyere!
Sorry, food, but I can't
afford to think about you.
I gotta focus right now!
Huh? And who do we have here?
So, you must be
Prince Wein, an honor.
I'm King Gruyere's daughter,
Tolcheila. Pleased to meet you!
I believe I asked you
quite clearly
not to be a nuisance
to me and my guest.
But this isn't just any guest,
it's Prince Wein, the talk
of the whole continent!
If I missed the chance
to spend time with him,
I don't know if I
could ever recover
from the disappointment!
So please,
wouldn't it be all right
if I joined the two
of you for dinner?
[WEIN]
From the looks of it,
Gruyere and Tolcheila
get along pretty well.
So, it would be in my best
interest to win her over.
Well, I'd like that.
Lovely! Then please
allow me to offer
a description of each dish
as it's served to you.
I hope that it will
enhance your experience!
[WEIN laughs]
[WEIN] Just don't let those
descriptions drag on too long.
Gotta get this part over with
and talk Gruyere
into an alliance.
That's the one and only path
to glory available to me here.
We will be starting off with
a white fish and herb salad.
The fish was caught
in our coastal waters.
It's rather delicate,
and keeping it fresh can
be a little tricky.
But that freshly caught flavor
makes it all worthwhile!
Please, enjoy it!
[WEIN] Well, this does
look pretty tasty.
Quite appetizing,
as a matter of fact.
Still, the truth is,
it isn't nearly as
fancy as I was expecting.
It's a little disappointing.
No, it's a lot disappointing.
[screams]
How can some
bug-eyed sea creature
possibly taste this good?
What's your secret, huh?
Tell me, I gotta know!
[WEIN grunts]
May I take that to mean
it's to your liking?
Yes. Very good, indeed.
I eagerly await the next--
[WEIN]
Hold on there, Wein!
Don't forget,
your priority is forging
an alliance with Soljest.
You can't let yourself get
distracted by the food!
Why's it gotta look so good?
This dish is served
in the husk of a fruit
that's been hollowed out.
It's filled with savory
mousse and topped with
seafood, eggs, and more!
[WEIN] A feast for the eyes
as well as the mouth!
A perfect score times two!
No, wait. Why am I
thinking like a food critic?
I gotta get myself under--
--[TOLCHEILA] Here we are!
--[GRUYERE] Yes, quite fine.
[WEIN gasping]
[WEIN] The flavor of the pork
is amazing enough,
but serving it on a sizzling
griddle just makes it better.
And by starting off with
two subtler dishes,
they set the stage
for this roast pig
to make a huge impression.
[WEIN] I never knew Soljest was
such a culinary wonderland!
Now that I do know, this is the
perfect opportunity to learn
everything I possibly
can about their cooking!
Then I'll return to Natra and
share my newfound knowledge!
If this stuff catches
on back home,
this trip will have
been so worth it!
You stupid idiot!
What's wrong with you?
You're supposed to be working
on an alliance with Soljest!
So, snap out of it!
All you have to do is talk
Gruyere into this and Natra
will be sitting even
prettier than it is now!
I don't care how much
tantalizing food
they throw at me,
I won't be defeated!
They got me.
You weren't able to think about
anything but the food, were you?
My poor stummy.
It's quite strange, though.
Setting aside your getting
sidetracked by all that food,
I'm surprised Gruyere
didn't have an agenda
of his own to push.
Well, I guess I'll just have
to meet with him again tomorrow.
This ceremony of theirs
shouldn't take long.
[NINYM] Right. There'll be
an opening ceremony
and then a closing
ceremony two days later.
[JIVA] It appears
we've received a letter
from Prime Minister
Sirgis of Delunio.
Again?
It says the Mardenian region
includes land the Kingdom
of Delunio lent to
the Royal House
of Marden in perpetuity.
He's claiming that since the
Kingdom of Marden no longer
exists, our rights to
the land are forfeit.
And that control now
reverts back to Delunio.
What do you think?
[sighs] Back then,
we wanted to buy that land.
But Delunio insisted it be
a loan and in the interest
of maintaining positive
relations, we agreed.
This is absurd. Tell them no.
[JIVA] If we do that,
they may respond by
threatening to attack us.
If need be, we'll
deploy our forces.
But only as a show
of strength, of course.
Yes. We don't want a war
and neither do they.
And so, with that, our opening
ceremony is at an end!
[WEIN]
King Gruyere. A word, please?
Well, now. The young prince.
It's just about time
for breakfast.
Let us head to the great hall.
Today's main course is
a dish called an omelet,
which is extremely popular among
the people of our kingdom!
It's prepared by
frying beaten eggs
and folding them around
chopped vegetables.
The combination of flavors make
it quite a delectable dish.
It does sound delicious,
but before we eat, I--
[GRUYERE] Oh, dear.
I'm afraid I must be going.
Let us speak more later.
[WEIN]
Huh? Wait. What? Hey!
Is something the matter,
Prince Wein?
[WEIN] Well, I was hoping
you could tell me
where I might find King Gruyere.
Oh, dear. His body may be
heavier than a boulder,
but that mind of his
is lighter than a feather.
Who knows what he's up to?
[WEIN]
Huh?
Pardon me.
Oh, pardon me.
[WEIN]
Pardon me. I-- I, uh...
I don't get it. Things have
never been all that great
between Soljest and Delunio.
So then, a potential
Natra-Delunio alliance
wouldn't be in
Soljest's interest.
I figured that's why
Gruyere invited us here.
To preempt such a
possibility by forging
an alliance with us first.
But in that case, he'd have no
reason to keep avoiding you.
[WEIN grunts]
It is quite odd. If he's
not after an alliance,
then why did he ask you here?
My best guess is...
--[WEIN] Kill me.
--[NINYM] Kill you.
It could be he sees
Natra's recent strides
as a threat to Soljest.
Therefore, he's plotting to
derail Natra's ascendance
by assassinating its leader.
What do you think?
[WEIN] Could be. But if
he means to do me harm,
he's had plenty of
chances to do so.
Why hasn't he acted by now?
Wait. Maybe he intends
to do something in
Natra while I'm here?
No, could whatever he's planning
already be in motion?
Ninym! Prepare to return home!
Get word to everyone.
We need to be ready
to make our departure
the moment I give the signal.
--[NINYM] Right!
--[knocking]
[gasps]
[SOLJEST MESSENGER A]
Please excuse the late hour,
I come bearing a message
from His Majesty.
[BOTH gasp]
[GRUYERE]
If it isn't the young prince!
I must apologize.
I realize you wanted
to discuss something
with me this afternoon.
But I'm happy to chat
right now, if you like.
Please.
[WEIN]
Gruyere's up to something,
I'm almost certain of it.
I'm going to have to
proceed carefully here.
I've got to nail down whether he
wants an alliance with Natra.
If he does, everything will be
fine, and if he doesn't, then
I'll have to take him
hostage and flee the city.
There's another seat.
Say, you there, young lady.
Please, sit down.
Huh? I-- You mean me?
Um. It's an honor
that you would consider
my comfort, but--
[GRUYERE] You're the Flahm
that's supposedly always
by the prince's side,
isn't that right?
Please, don't worry
about something so trivial.
Well, then, I'll join you.
[GRUYERE] Did I say something
to take you by surprise?
Well, with all due
respect to Your Majesty...
Yes, you did, in fact.
[GRUYERE laughs]
[WEIN]
According to Levetian scripture,
the Flahm are the irredeemable
minions of the Devil himself.
And you, Your Majesty,
are one of that religion's
Holy Elites, so...
Is this not sacrilegious?
Those scriptures are no more
than some scraps of paper!
[BOTH gasp]
Does one walk down
a righteous path in life
and behave in accordance
with the will of God?
These are the questions
we must all
consider carefully and
answer for ourselves.
It is no easy task,
that much is certain.
And yet in a covenant with God,
there can be no shortcuts.
Then are you telling me
you've come to the conclusion
that Flahm deserve
equal treatment?
Yes, precisely.
I may be a king, but I think all
people are equally valuable.
And what's so wrong with white
hair and red eyes, anyway?
[laughing]
I see, but does God allow room
for such interpretation?
[GRUYERE] If not, I suppose I'll
find out when the time comes.
To rest in eternal peace
enveloped by God's love,
or to burn forever in
the fiery depths of hell.
That we may only experience but
one of these in the afterlife
makes the both of them
immeasurably precious.
And the one and only being
empowered to deliver
the final judgment upon us
when we die is our God.
All the scriptures and sermons
haven't got a thing
to do with it.
[WEIN]
He sure is strong-willed.
You're a truly wise king,
and a most enlightened man.
You fill me with certainty
that forming an alliance
between our two kingdoms
would be greatly beneficial.
Sadly, I have to return
home immediately.
But before I go,
I'd like to know whether
it is your wish to forge a deep
and lasting bond with Natra
that may carry us through
the turbulent times we face.
What say you?
[GRUYERE]
Hmm...
[NINYM grunts]
[GRUYERE] Very well.
I accept your proposal.
[BOTH gasp]
[GRUYERE]
Why do you look so shocked?
Well, the fact is,
I didn't think you'd agree.
An alliance between
Soljest and Natra.
I believe that it's a fine idea.
[WEIN]
For real?!
[GRUYERE] So, you were
saying something about
having to hurry home?
Oh. Uh. Yes.
In that case, I won't
keep you any longer.
I think we can safely leave
the details of our arrangement
to our agents, don't you agree?
Yes, right.
We're grateful for your
hospitality, Your Majesty.
Yes. Now farewell,
young Prince Wein.
Well, then, I guess
all that's left
is to see how my little
charade plays out.
Should be interesting,
don't you think?
Sir Sirgis?
[WEIN]
I don't get it.
I was certain the king
was up to something.
And yet, our fears that
Soljest would attack us
on our way home
never came to pass.
What's going on?
[knocking]
[OFFICIAL A]
Pardon me, Your Highness!
I have urgent news for you!
[NINYM]
It seems the Kingdom of Delunio
has launched an attack
at Marden's border.
And furthermore,
Soljest is honoring its
alliance with Delunio
and has commenced a military
campaign against Natra.
Wein, I'm afraid.
[WEIN] Soljest has just
declared war against us.
[GRUYERE] Pursue life's
pleasures long enough,
and in the end, only
the rarest will do.
I take great pleasure in battle.
And one thing I'm sure of,
after the time I've spent
in his presence...
...that prince might
just be the only beast
of his kind on the
entire continent.
And that is why I will
utterly devour him.
[WEIN] I saw this coming
from the beginning!
That dirty pig played me!
Just what kind of alliance is
this supposed to be, anyway?
I bet he only gave me
that crap about it being
a "fine idea" to keep things
from turning violent!
[NINYM]
In the end, it was only
a verbal agreement,
easily broken.
Gah! He's in the clear!
But it's not just Gruyere.
Sirgis got me, too!
All we can do is
gather our forces
and face Soljest in battle.
Still. It's gonna be no easy
task fighting them head-on.
Which means there's one
more thing we have to do.
Then we'll need
you-know-who.
[WEIN grunts]
[ZENOVIA] I'm so sorry,
Your Highness!
It's all my fault things
have come to this!
I shouldn't have responded
to Delunio so recklessly!
Please punish me
any way you see fit.
I've already resigned
myself to my fate.
However, if you
give me the chance,
I swear to you that I'll
redeem myself for this!
[WEIN] So, looks like
she's not quite ready
to give up after all.
What will you do?
I will seek reconciliation.
Soljest is moving against Natra
over a perceived
threat to its ally.
So, if the situation with
Delunio can be resolved,
Soljest would no longer have a
reason to attack your kingdom.
My vassals have
already departed,
they're headed for Delunio.
And I've made arrangements
for them to meet
with Prime Minister Sirgis.
Of course, I understand
that reconciliation
may be a difficult goal.
But even so, I believe
that I can make it happen!
So please!
Just give me a chance!
[WEIN]
Well, this is surprising.
[gasps]
[WEIN] Indeed. That's exactly
what I would have suggested,
but you came to it
all on your own.
[ZENOVIA]
Huh...
[WEIN] We'll be able to move
faster than I thought.
Let's set out for Delunio
at once. All right, Ninym?
Yes, I'll get ready.
[WEIN chuckles]
So, um, what about me?
There's no time to
assign blame right now.
We've got way too
much work to do.
Although, to be honest, I don't
believe you're responsible
for this incident anyway.
[gasps]
[WEIN] And if you can figure out
a way to make my liegemen
see things the way I do
before all this is over,
you'll be in for a much
lighter punishment.
So, then? Can you?
Yes, I can!
Let's go! We're about to turn
everything upside down!